Food Options General Information

Subway:
  Location- On the first floor of the main campus parking garage 
  Hours-  10:30AM - 4:30PM
  Description-  Casual counter-serve chain for build-your-own sandwiches & salads, with health-conscious options.
  
  
Taco Bell:
  Location- On the first floor of the DP Culp Student Center
  Hours-  8:00AM - 4:00AM
  Description-  Fast-food chain serving Mexican-inspired fare such as tacos, quesadillas & nachos.
  
  
Chick fil a:
  Location- On the first floor of the DP Culp Student Center
  Hours-  8:00AM - 10:00PM
  Description-  Fast-food chain serving chicken sandwiches & nuggets along with salads & sides.
  
  
Starbucks:
  Location- On the first floor of the DP Culp Student Center
  Hours- 7:00AM - 12:00AM
  Description-  Seattle-based coffeehouse chain known for its signature roasts, light bites and WiFi availability.
  
  
Einsteins Bros Bagels:
  Location- On the first floor of the Charles C Sherrod Library
  Hours- 7:30AM - 4:30PM
  Description-  Here at Einstein Bros. Bagels, we believe in the bagel. We believe it has the power to do amazing things—giving you a reason to look forward to morning classes or an afternoon escape or night time cravings. 
                It’s why we get up early every day and bake fresh bagels every four hours, so our bagels are as fresh and delicious as possible. It’s why we only use the finest ingredients to create the most inspiring flavors. 
                It’s why we do everything possible to make your day that much better. 
  
  
 Treehouse Takeout:
  Location- Building between Brooks Gym and Ball Hall
  Hours- 7:00AM - 6:00PM
  Description-  Takeout offering made to order salads and wraps. Also serves Starbucks coffie
  
  
 The Dining Hall:
  Location- Third floor of the DP Culp Student Center
  Hours-  7:00AM - 12:00AM
  Description-  Freshly prepared food served over 9 different stations, our dining hall has it all! Enjoy this all you care to eat buffet style dining hall 
                with tastes from all over the globe! From home style meals to our vegan/vegetarian station, we have all tastes covered with our diverse menus 
                and passionate cooks. Come by to experience what on-campus dining has to offer! 
                
                Meal Rates:

                Breakfast: $7.41

                Lunch: $10.59

                Dinner: $11.37

                Late Night: $10.59
  
  
 Mein Bowl:
  Location- On the first floor of the DP Culp Student Center
  Hours-  10:30AM - 6:00PM
  Description-  Mein bowl was born from our love of simplicity, indulgence, and balance. Inspired by Asian market eating and street food in China, Vietnam, and India,
                Chef Mai Pham has fused these ideas into ingredients that you can combine to suit your taste. Choose from our freshly-made sushi prepared daily and our 
                main entrees and sides built on flavorful spices, fresh vegetables, rice, noodles, and proteins. 
  
  
Rogers Buc Mart:
  Location- On the first floor of the DP Culp Student Center
  Hours-  8:00AM - 10:00PM
  Description-  Named after one of our most famous employees, Roger Armstrong! Roger has served the ETSU community for over 40 years and still greets every customer with a smile! 
                Grab some freshly rolled sushi, or create your own 6-pack of soda with our Build Your Own Pack promotion!
  
  
Garage C-Store:
  Location- On the second floor of the main campus parking garage
  Hours-  7:00AM - 4:30PM
  Description-  This convenience store was created with students on the go in mind! With easy grab-n-go items, freshly made Simply To Go lunch and snack items, 
                and our Build Your Own Pack soda promotions, students can park, get what they need, and be on their way! Keep an eye out from our Limited Time Offer promotions, 
                and remember to use your Dining Dollars and Flex Dollars at this location!
  
  
King's Corner:
  Location- Within the basement of the Carter Residence Hall
  Hours-  8:00AM - 2:00PM
  Description-  Named in honor of Mrs. King who paid for the construction of The Commons, and located on the edge of The Commons. 
                King's Corner is here to help ease your sweet tooth with a wide variety of pastries and candies.
  
  
